About
AI Growth Hackathon by Orange Slice

YC's First-Ever Growth Hackathon!

A 24-hour hackathon for GTM engineers building AI-powered growth tools and workflows. $15,000 in prizes. 

Growth Engineering is one of the fastest-emerging functions in tech. 

The intersection of AI, growth, and revenue operations is creating a new category of growth engineer who writes code, runs experiments, automates their work with AI, and owns the entire growth pipeline.

If that sounds like you, we'd be honored to invite you out to the YC office in San Francisco for the first-ever AI Growth Hackathon at YC.

Over the span of 24 hours, you'll build on the bleeding edge of growth, GTM, sales, data analytics, and RavOps.

We are being extremely selective and reviewing every application closely to ensure a high quality bar. Applications with little or no effort will not be considered. We will be turning people away at the door.


Tracks

Sales Cyborgs: AI-Enhanced Sales
AI Ad Factories: AI Advertising
Reading Minds: Agentic Analytics, Signal Detection, Churn, and Lead-Building
Revenue on Autopilot: Cold Outbound & Pipeline Automation
Zero to One: AI-Enhanced PLG & Onboarding
Algorithm Hacking: AI Social Media & Virality Engines

Prizes & API Credits

Hackathon winners will receive >$15,000 in prizes. The overall winner may be invited to interview for Y Combinator's Fall 2026 Batch.

All participants will receive the following benefits:

$50 OpenAI API Credits
$TBA Cursor Credits
Free access to Convex
Mentorship from some of YC's best growth leads

Judges & Mentors

Participants will receive mentorship from growth engineers and founders who have been responsible for millions of dollars in deals closed, thousands of paying users through UGC/astroturfing campaigns, and some of the largest virality campaigns in SF.


Rules & Logistics

Please plan to arrive on time. We will start kickoff promptly at 5pm. If you miss kickoff you will not receive critical information and will not be eligible to receive API credits.
Judging will take place Sunday starting at 5pm.
Teams may be up to 4 people.
You cannot work on projects started prior to the hackathon.
You can, of course, work on a feature or tool that would integrate into your pre-existing project, however it must be built in an entirely separate codebase.
Projects must be open-sourced on GitHub for the duration of the hackathon. You are free to close-source after the event is over.
Schedule

Sat Jun 27 · 4:00 PM — Check-in opens
Sat Jun 27 · 5:00 PM — Kickoff (mandatory to receive API credits)
Sun Jun 28 · 5:00 PM — Judging begins
A full schedule will be announced during kickoff

Sponsors

OpenAI, Convex, Cursor

Hackathon Judges
Louis Liu

Co-founder & CTO of REV1 (YC W26). Previously a Senior Software Engineer at Tesla.

Jad Bousselham

Co-Founder at Verdex (YC W26). Dartmouth Math + Computer Science graduate.

Paulina Laba

Founding GTM Engineer and Head of Growth at Lore (Tanagram), a collaboration layer for AI-native teams. She founded SearchOne.ai, a generative engine optimization (GEO/AEO) platform that automatically optimized websites for crawlers, helping brands surface in AI-generated answers, and is a recognized voice in the emerging GEO/AEO discipline. One of the first GTM Engineers in San Francisco, she is a repeat founder and technical builder with deep expertise in GEO/AEO and in scaling growth for AI-native companies and startups.

Shubham Srivastava

Co-founder and CEO of Cruitical.com, a startup that helps fast-growing companies hire AI-fluent talent via virtual work trials. Before becoming a serial founder, he spent over two years as Head of Product and Growth at Zenduty, working across GTM, Product, and Community to scale the B2B SaaS startup from $200k to $3M+ ARR until its acquisition. He holds a master's from Carnegie Mellon and advises early-stage startups on landing their first cheques and customers. Outside work, he's an amateur stand-up comedian and enjoys sci-fi movies.

Yash Thakkar

Co-founder and CTO of Cruitical, a startup that helps fast-growing companies hire AI-fluent talent via virtual work trials. Before Cruitical, he was a 2x founding engineer — building India's first real-time distributed manufacturing platform, and the commerce and firmware stack for drones. He holds a master's from Carnegie Mellon with a focus on ML, and was chosen to lead GTM for Reveal.ai's new vertical in 2025 as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence. He works across product, architecture, GTM, and monetization.

Neel Majmudar

Research Engineer @ Imagine AI.

Leo Fu

Founding/head designer @ Corgi. "I love design and stuff that looks cool!"

Danylo Borodchuk

CEO and Co-founder of Lopus (YC W25); Dartmouth dropout. Previously did award-winning R&D for YC startups and medical research teams at DALI Lab, and led multiple teams at research labs, tech consulting groups, and quant teams.

Wayne Sutton

Head of Community and Events at Convex, where he leads programs like Convex for Startups and Convex Champions. A builder at heart, he works on partnerships with startups, creators, and developer communities, helping developers learn, ship, and connect. He lives in the Bay Area and rides his adventure motorcycle across California.

Apoorv Jha

Applied AI, Startups @ OpenAI.
